---
title: Internal Web & Knowledge Base
date: 2020-11-01
tags: ['post', 'featured', 'ahk']
rotate: rotate(-100)
imageBlob: /assets/poly.png
image: /assets/blue-blob.svg
video: /assets/kb.mp4
description: I was tired of using our old internal web. Then I got tired of myself complaining about it. WordPress came perfectly.
---

__WHY?__
We use INTERNAL WEB for knowledge base , archive, contacts, mailing list administration etc. Agents need a quick way to get information from the knowledge base so they could provide support over the phone. My idea was to create a new solution that could provide agents a faster and easier access to our docs.

\
\
__WHAT?__
I suggested we transfer our team's "part" of the internal web to another site. We needed to find a solution that could handle new important features: 

- 🔍 a search option which would provide a huge help in searching for the right answer in our KB.
- 📚 proper hierarchical categorization in the knowledge base.

\
Also, it needed to keep some of the old features like mail notifications on new entries and updates and roles and permissions managment. Most importantly, it had to be user-friendly solution that allows ALL agents to easily create, update and delete new docs, since docs are changed frequently.

\
\
__HOW?__
I started with Google Site but realized I would need much more power. We used Wordpress beacuse I had some prior experience with it, plus it was used for some other projects so we got it set up quickly. I was feeling boxed in by the theme provided so I installed Elementor and designed everything from the bottom up. Most of my time was spent building a knowledge base with a search option using a great plugin. 

---
__CONCLUSION__
Eventually we tranfered completely and continue to use it to this day. I even got extra "maintainence shifts" where I take care of updates, implement new features, sort out bugs and make sure everything works properly. We also have a place where everyone can make a suggestion and report a bug.

Although web design is not my interest, I got a chance to work with knowledge base and designed it to fit our basic needs like having a good search option and a clean, modern look. This is an internal project so no source code is provided - also I did't actually write any. All my work was done using plugins and built-in CMS options. Still, I am proud of being proactive and "pushing" this project enough so it gets done.
\
\
**_UPDATE 04/2021_** - In the first few months I was still putting finishing touches on our KB. We had over 100 comments, bugs and features from our agents. 
Besides that, I had a chance to write documentation for the first time. Although not the most interesting part, the project had to be documented so whoever else took it over in the future, they would quickly be up-to-date.   
\
**_UPDATE 11/2021_** - 
If I could build a new knowledge base that doesn't require it to be user-friendly, I would try out a Static Site Generator like "Docusaurus" or maybe something like SvelteKit. 